Test your Knowledge
1. What type would you choose for the following “numbers”?
    A person’s telephone number
        String
    A person’s height
        unsigned double
    A person’s age
        unsigned short
    A person’s gender (Male, Female, Prefer Not To Answer)
        Enum
    A person’s salary
        long
    A book’s ISBN
        string
    A book’s price
        int
    A book’s shipping weight
        int
    A country’s population
        long
    The number of stars in the universe
        long
    The number of employees in each of the small or medium businesses in the
    United Kingdom (up to about 50,000 employees per business)
        long
2. What are the difference between value type and reference type variables? What is
boxing and unboxing?
    1. Value Type variable - holds values directly, present in stack memory, no garbage collection
    2. Reference Type - holds ref/ address of variables, present in heap memory, garbage collection
    
3. What is meant by the terms managed resource and unmanaged resource in .NET
    1.Managed Resources - organised by garbage collector. no need to explicitly delete call methods for resource deletion 
    2.Unmanaged Resources - not organised. need to Call Dispose() from IDisposable interface for freeing.

4. Whats the purpose of Garbage Collector in .NET?
    process of reclaiming memory occupied by objects that are no longer in use
    
Controlling Flow and Converting Types
Test your Knowledge
1. What happens when you divide an int variable by 0?
    System.DivideByZeroException: Attempted to divide by zero.

2. What happens when you divide a double variable by 0?
    ∞
    
3. What happens when you overflow an int variable, that is, set it to a value beyond its
range?
    the value wraps around to the minimum value
4. What is the difference between x = y++; and x = ++y;?
    x = y++ , x is assigned to y value and y is incremented by 1 after the operation
    x = ++y , x is assigned to 1 + y value. i.e, y is incremented before the operation
    
5. What is the difference between break, continue, and return when used inside a loop
statement?
    break - exit from the loop and exec rest of the program after the loop
    continue - skip the current iteration and start with the next iteration
    return - exit from the method or function executing.
    
6. What are the three parts of a for statement and which of them are required?
    for(initialisation; conditional check; updation)

7. What is the difference between the = and == operators?
    = , assigning rhs value to lhs
    == , checking if rhs is equal to lhs
    
8. Does the following statement compile? for ( ; true; ) ;
    yes, it is an infinte loop
    
9. What does the underscore _ represent in a switch expression?
    default option
    
10. What interface must an object implement to be enumerated over by using the foreach
statement?
    IEnumerable interface
    
    
fizzbuzz problem

int max = 500;
for (byte i = 0; i < max; i++)
{
WriteLine(i);
}

byte overflow is happening since byte range is 0 - 255 at 256 byte again wraps to become 0. causing an infinte loop
we can add a try catch block to warn in case of overflow

